Form Related Task
1. Bind drop down Field Values
2. Logic to implement circular number
3. Logic to set state of a field on change
4. Logic for My Request & Compliance 
5. Logic to save item as Draft
6. Logic to submit item 
7. Logic to implement comments history
8. Logic to implement checker history.
9. Logic to disable fields
10.Logic to update item
11.Logic to show attachment preview section & have the ability to edit item
12.Permission handling of item
13. Working on it Dialog 
14. Success message Dialog
15. If no search criteria is added , do rest api call to get all items (Done)
16. Supporting Documents with Pop up & selection functionality (Master --> Previous year & published & department circulars)
 (Circulars - All years ,published & related to department)
17. FAQ (Done)
18. Edit Circular Dashboard Screen / Edit Circular Form Draft & Returned (Done)
19. Delete Circular Screen/ Delete Circular Form in Draft Mode
20. Annunal Year Updation flow 
21. Compliance Pending Request Dashboard (Done)
22. Checker Pending Request Dashboard (Done)
23. Create Circular Content File (Done) & Delete and Recreate with new template (Done)
24. Graph api get EmployeeCode & Department (Done)
25. Add Watermark text to the all published Documents with two different text
26. Iframe docx file upload.(Naming convention according to circular number) (Done)
27. Comments Compliance History
28. Comments Checker History
29. SOP upload maximum 5 MB file with File Name change & attachment added
30. Circular Content delete with pop up & naming convention (Done)
31. Department value fill up (Done)
32. Auto increment ID to be added in circular (Done)
33. Full Screen View (Pending)
34. Add Validation Field text below date picker field (Done)
35. Docx & PDF restriction in SOP Upload (Done)
36. Error alert to be shown to the users
37. CircularCreation Date logic (Done)
38. Delete Circular List Item when in draft mode (Done)

SOP File Naming convention
Restrict File Limit to 5 SOP Files (Done)
Adding Multiple files as attachment for SOP File(Done)
List of delete SOP Files and update(Done)
Edit Circular Screens (Done) & Pagination pending (Done)




Circular Number Duplicate Check (Done)
Circular Number Alert on duplicate check (Done)
Circular Number Disabled after saved as version draft (Done)
Department field disabled with pre populated field (Done)
Supporting Documents put department of respective users (Done)
Show Supporting Documents in circular search dashboard (Done)
Supporting Documents JSON format (Done)
Delete Circular List Item if in Draft Mode
Circular Creation Date Change in Object (Done) 
Supporting Documents Field Creation -->(done)
View Circular Compliance & Checker (Done)
Employee ID watermarking from Azure AD (Done)
CircularCreation Date Issue on Display (Done)
Maker Checker & Compliance User should not be same when approving circulars (Done)
Maximum how many supporting documents can be attached? --> No limit, Certainly have to keep a limit of 20 (Done)
Document Interaction preview (For New & Edit& View Form Done ) For Newly uploaded file remaining 


-----------------------------------Test Scenarios

SOP upload can upload empty pdf. . Check should be there . ( No way to check empty file)
How to view the list of rejected circulars (Rejected Circulars Dashboard)
Add  one more condition for department of user in edit circular filter string (Pending)

Permission Matrix 
Compliance User Permission Mapping with Department
Checker User Permission Mapping with Department
Comments Section ,History Section in Edit Dashboard
PDF and docx check when clicking on Subject Title (Search Page)
Logging in to another list for comments.
Responsive SCSS changes

Master Circular should be editable in 2nd quarter of the year


Circular Number 0000 check

editFormItem Department Mapping (Done)
1. Tooltip for category, keywords,template field (Medium Level Task)(Done) - 4 hours
2. Maximum 2000 character limit for all text area(Done) -1 hour
3. Conversion of docx to pdf ( Either power automate or JS) (Bigger Task) (Done) - 32 hours
4. Logging every activity in to the Comments Audit Logs List (Bigger Task)(Done) - 5 hours
5. After published PDF File Conversion, Delete File from doc library as well (Done) - 3 hours
6. Changing header/footer text of pdf file on preview (Medium Level) - 6 hours
7. Iframe file edit section to be hidden (Done) - 2 hours
8. (Archived Circular Screen will be part of search & search filter changes needs to be implemented) - 2 hours
9. Archived Circular Flow based on expiry (Bigger Task)
10.Linking of Master Circular with existing circulars (Bigger Task)
11.Notification Email based on Circular Status (Power Automate or JS) (Medium Level)
12.View all Rejected Circulars  (Medium Level)
13.Permission Matrix handling (Bigger Task)
14.Change preview file name section(Done)

(Archived Circular Screen will be part of search & search filter changes needs to be implemented)
Show Archive Status on Search Screen
(Master Circular Screen will come) ()
   1. To whom master circular updation will be available
   2. Once Master Circular annual updation happens what will be the status of Master Circular 
   3. After updation who will do the check if its correct updation or not.
   4. Addendum of circular will be done by whom?. Once Addendum is done notification is sent to all users

(Update feature for all incorporated circulars)

ToolTip content for Circular Template & Keywords needed?
Power Automate to send email to the respective stakeholders 1 week before expiry
Power Automate to mark circular as Archived after expiry date
Power Automate to send notification after every status check 
Watermark PDF will have archival date or current date in footer text? 
Supporting Documents are uploads then form changes will be required
Uploading Supporting Documents to List Item
Validation Check of Supporting Documents & SOP Files Uploaded
Archival Date to be added in pdf
Email Send To && CC 
Digital Signature 



Limited Period Circular should be marked as expired 
1. Power Automate to send email to the respective stakeholders 1 week before expiry.(Checker)
2. After expiry, mark Circulars as archived.Power Automate to mark circular as Archived after expiry date 
3. Archival Date of Circular Field needs to be created - (Date & Time)
4. Watermark PDF will have archival date in footer text? 
5. This circular are not part of incorporation

Longer (Unlimited) Impact Circulars
1. In Master Circular once users adds Specific circular during annual updation , 
    these circulars should be marked Archived (It can be master or circular)
2. Only master circulars for this year should be visible to the admin 
3. Year Checking


6.5 The Master circular annual updation alert should be prompted to Checker 90 days
before due date and should be submitted to Compliance Department with at least 30
day notice. The circulars (issued during the year) incorporated in master circular
should have colour coding (in similar fashion as available in RBI Master circular with

date differentiation). Further, any modification in master circular should be
summarized at the end clearly showing the existing and proposed modification in
tabular format with date of modification. At the end of master circular, the list
(hyperlinked) of all previous circulars should be mentioned/aggregated by the Maker.


